h1. Signals: Think Outside the Event.（Signals ：事件之外来思考）

*Signals* are light-weight, strongly-typed AS3 messaging tools.
Wire your application with better APIs and less boilerplate than AS3 Events.
*Signals* 是轻量，强壮型的AS3 通信工具。用更好的APIs和比AS3更少的引用通信你的应用。

h2. Concept  （概念）

 * A *Signal* is essentially a mini-dispatcher specific to one event, with its own array of listeners.
 * A *Signal* 本质上是一个带有自己监听器数组针对一个事件的迷你型分发器。
 * A Signal gives an event a concrete membership in a class. 
 * A *Signal* 在一个类中为一个事件提供具体的成员。
 * Listeners subscribe to real objects, not to string-based channels.
 * 监听器依附于一个真实的对象，不是字符串基础的通道了。
 * Event string constants are no longer needed.
 * 不在需要一个事件字符常量了。
 * Signals are inspired by "C# events":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_Sharp_syntax#Events and  "signals/slots":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Signals_and_slots in Qt.
 (灵感来源)

h2. Syntax （语法）

<pre><code>// with EventDispatcher
button.addEventListener(MouseEvent.CLICK, onClick);

// Signal equivalent; past tense is recommended
button.clicked.add(onClicked);
</code></pre>

I am still looking for impressions, critiques and suggestions.  
My email is robert _at_ robertpenner.com.
I'm "@robpenner on Twitter":http://twitter.com/robpenner.

h2. Background on AS3 Events

 * "My Critique of AS3 Events - Part 1":http://flashblog.robertpenner.com/2009/08/my-critique-of-as3-events-part-1.html
 * "AS3 Events - 7 things I've learned from community":http://flashblog.robertpenner.com/2009/09/as3-events-7-things-ive-learned-from.html
 * "My Critique of AS3 Events - Part 2":http://flashblog.robertpenner.com/2009/09/my-critique-of-as3-events-part-2.html
